Talk, please put the phone down, you won’t die, right?
How many times have you looked so weird? If you don’t think so, you will be so cruel!
I can't say that it's easy to mislead someone, but that's what you have to do.
From outside the gate, the truth is that it is normal, right?
You wouldn't know without calling, it's turned off.
What I heard at that time, the first item was not there,
I am the one behind the so-called joy,
He will only hate you.
I hate you, I hate you for sleeping in the Xierdan Hotel that day.
It's okay, I'm okay, I'm okay, Qingxiao, thank you.
It doesn't matter, it's the Xi'er Broken Hotel I just mentioned. six zero
What was replaced was 606
Maybe he got poisoned, Mr. Qin
Just wait here for a moment
If I have something to say, I need to find it for me alone.
The movie I found was also moved
I already know what all the people are like
I don't need you to help me make it
Tell me the ins and outs of things
I've given you enough things to know about you
I even saved your girlfriend
You still look like you and me, who are you and who am I?
It’s not your business
you just need to know
Xu Hou no longer loves you
It's better to have a little bit
Divorce him quickly
I can only know that you can know
But since it’s worthy of beauty, what do you think?
fit between you
who will he choose
I tell you
Even if I hurt you
He will always help me deal with protecting consciousness.
you are a person
I don't know
I am willing to die myself